support write byte[] to bytes_value instead of array_value in TagWriter (#6534)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.OpenTelemetryProtocol/CHANGELOG.md

  now set the `TE=trailers` HTTP request header to improve interoperability.
  ([#6449](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/6449))

> * Write `byte[]` to `bytes_value` instead of `array_value` in TagWriter. ([#6535](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/issues/6535))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved performance exporting `byte[]` attributes as native binary format
  instead of arrays.
  ([#6535](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/issues/6535))
```

Author: Use the PR link instead of the issue link to align with previous entries.
